feat: add new stripe guide (#371)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/process/backup-stripe-tokens.mdx

---
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

import GettingStartedSection from "@site/src/components/docs/_getting-started-section.mdx";
import { Alert, Alerts } from "@site/src/components/shared/Alert";
import { Enterprise } from "@site/src/components/shared/Enterprise";

# Backup Your Stripe Tokens

> In the ever-evolving world of online transactions, prioritizing data security and operational efficiency is critical for developers integrating payment processing solutions. This guide explores the utilization of the Stripe Forwarding API in tandem with Basis Theory's secure Vault to bolster the protection and management of credit card data, **without making any changes to your existing Stripe integration**.
> 
> With the potential for sudden Stripe account terminations and the need for scalable payment processing solutions beyond a single provider, developers seek innovative approaches to ensure a robust and secure payment environment. In some cases, merchants and platforms with a multiprocessor payment ecosystem need to create a unified wallet system or single source of truth for consumer profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the ever-evolving world of online transactions, prioritizing innovation and operational efficiency is becoming critical to organizational payment divisions. This is even more true with the potential for sudden Stripe account terminations, the need for scalable payment processing solutions beyond a single provider, and other payment services to drive new revenue and cost savings. In some cases, merchants and platforms with a multiprocessor payment ecosystem must create a unified wallet system or single source of truth for consumer profiles.

This guide explores using the Stripe Forwarding API in tandem with Basis Theory's secure Vault to open access to card data and enable new opportunities without making any changes to your existing Stripe integration.
```

![Forward Cards from Stripe](/img/guides/cards/stripe-forward-cards.png)

## Getting Started

<GettingStartedSection />

### Request Access to Stripe Forwarding API

[Click here to create](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https://support.stripe.com%2Fcontact%2Femail%3Fquestion%3Dother%26topic%3Dpayment_apis%26subject%3DI%20need%20access%20to%20the%20Vault%20and%20Forward%20API%26body%3DHi%20Stripe%20team.%20I%20would%20like%20to%20request%20access%20to%20the%20Vault%20and%20Forward%20API%20to%20store%20payment%20method%20details%20with%20my%20own%20token%20vault%2C%20outsourced%20by%20Basis%20Theory%2C%20Inc.%20Please%20find%20their%20PCI%20Attestation%20of%20Compliance%20attached.%20The%20target%20endpoint%20is%20https%3A%2F%2Fapi.basistheory.com%2Ftokens) a Stripe support request following this template:

> ```text

Author: I used a template to make easy to copy paste for folks that don't like clicking links. I could replace this with a picture if it is considered better.

<img width="726" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com/assets/5549408/508e43c3-6e9f-49d8-a5c9-5143448b3235">
